do you love me
what do you think of course I do then
why don't you ever save it's Jacob's
magic answer my Lowrey
I brought you a president Kevin see the
man since she was a kid she invites the
stranger into our home does she ever
talk about John see she's obsessed write
it all down that's what you said be a
witness because someday someone will
want to know what happened here and I
did I did it for you I'm not a mother
because might stir up painful memories
io in my life forgetting isn't such a
bad thing you know so they say what
about us your family do we have to be
tortured or dead before we better
I could have loved you don't you know
how hard it was
I just want you to know
you were a child
I should not have said remember I should
have said to him
Oh